1) When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When I will be working either from different computers, or with other people or both.
--------------------------
2) Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Automatically updating with the remote repository would have the risk
that changes made by another perosn working on the same file could be
transfered to my computer, without me having checked them first.
---------------------------
3) Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

The fork operates only on repositories held in GitHub. It actually clones a repository inside GitHub servers.
Clone can either copy a repository to another spot within the same computer (local clone), or it can also clone
a GitHub repository to the local computer. Branch is an operation that relates to a specific repository and it can
either be made on a local or a remote repository.
---------------------------
4) What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

By havin this copy we can work offline with re remote copy and resync when we get back online, after
checking the changes that might have been made in the meanwhile.
----------------------------
5) How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

We would probably use e-mail or some sort of shared files scheme. Things
woul be much harder than using git, since the process wouldn't be
monitored by a machine but by humans and humans tend to forget and also
make mistakes. Using git, we could use the branching feature of git's
repositories, along with the merging and pulling features which would
allow changes made by different collaborators to be examined by everyone
involved.
-----------------------------
6) When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

I would use a separate branch if I want to add a new feature, or if I want to experiment with the code in order to optimize it.
Working directly on the master has the benefit of easily pulling and pushing the code, as long as there is no need for alternative
coding directions (extra features, optimization) or as long as the possible collaborators have aggreed on a robust, error-free way
of communicating changes between one another. However, since such an efficient way does not exist out of a computerized version checking system,
using Git's branching technique, alonh with GitHub's pulling option, allows coders to try new versions of the code and ask for their
collaborators' opininions befor actually merging these changes into the main, quality code.